index.md, before:

# Chowlk Visual Notation

**Authors:**<br>
[María Poveda-Villalón](http://w3id.org/people/mpoveda) ([Ontology Engineering Group](https://www.oeg-upm.net/), [Universidad Politécnica de Madrid](https://www.upm.es/))<br>
[Serge Chávez-Feria](http://w3id.org/people/serge) ([Ontology Engineering Group](https://www.oeg-upm.net/), [Universidad Politécnica de Madrid](https://www.upm.es/))

**License:**<br>
Apache 2.0 License

{% include abstract.md %}

## Table of Content

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Specification](#specification)
    1. [Basic Elements](#basic-elements)
    2. [Classes](#classes)
        1. [Sub-Class](#sub-class)
        2. [Equivalent and Disjoint Classes](#equivalent-disjoint-classes)
        3. [Intersection, Union and Complement of Classes](#intersection-union-complement-classes)
    3. [Object Properties](#object-properties)
        1. [Universal Restrictions](#universal-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        2. [Existential Restrictions](#existential-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        3. [Cardinality Restrictions](#cardinality-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        4. [Functional Properties](#functional-object-properties)
        5. [Inverse Functional Properties](#inverse-functional-object-properties)
        6. [Symmetric Properties](#symmetric-object-properties)
        7. [Transitive Properties](#transitive-object-properties)
        8. [Domain and Range](#domain-and-range-for-object-properties)
    4. [Datatype Properties](#datatype-properties)
        1. [Universal Restrictions](#universal-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        2. [Existential Restrictions](#existential-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        3. [Cardinality Restrictions](#cardinality-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        4. [Functional Properties](#functional-datatype-properties)
        5. [Domain and Range](#domain-and-range-for-datatype-properties)
    5. [Relations between Properties](#relations-between-properties)
        1. [Sub-Property](#sub-property)
        2. [Equivalent Property](#equivalent-property)
        3. [Inverse Property](#inverse-property)
    6. [Individuals](#individuals)
        1. [Class Membership](#individuals-class-membership)
        2. [Property Values](#individuals-property-values)
3. [Example](#example)
4. [CHOWLK Code Generation Service](#service)
5. [References](#references)
6. [Acknowledgment](#acknowledgment)

<a name="introduction"></a>
{% include introduction.md %}

<a name="specification"></a>
{% include specification.md %}

<a name="example"></a>
{% include example.md %}

<a name="service"></a>
{% include service.md %}

<a name="references"></a>
{% include references.md %}

<a name="acknowledgment"></a>
{% include acknowledgment.md %}

Commit message:

issues solved and new getting started section

index.md, after:

# Chowlk Visual Notation

**Authors:**<br>
[María Poveda-Villalón](http://w3id.org/people/mpoveda) ([Ontology Engineering Group](https://www.oeg-upm.net/), [Universidad Politécnica de Madrid](https://www.upm.es/))<br>
[Serge Chávez-Feria](http://w3id.org/people/serge) ([Ontology Engineering Group](https://www.oeg-upm.net/), [Universidad Politécnica de Madrid](https://www.upm.es/))

**License:**<br>
Apache 2.0 License

{% include abstract.md %}

## Getting Started

The following video shows you how to start conceptualizing your ontology using drawio and this notation.

<video width="640" height="400" muted autoplay controls>
  <source src="/resources/getting_started.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

## Table of Content

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Specification](#specification)
    1. [Basic Elements](#basic-elements)
    2. [Classes](#classes)
        1. [Class Definition](#class-definition)
        2. [Sub-Class](#sub-class)
        3. [Equivalent and Disjoint Classes](#equivalent-disjoint-classes)
        4. [Intersection, Union and Complement of Classes](#intersection-union-complement-classes)
    3. [Object Properties](#object-properties)
        1. [Domain and Range](#domain-and-range-for-object-properties)
        2. [Universal Restrictions](#universal-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        3. [Existential Restrictions](#existential-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        4. [Cardinality Restrictions](#cardinality-restrictions-for-object-properties)
        5. [Functional Properties](#functional-object-properties)
        6. [Inverse Functional Properties](#inverse-functional-object-properties)
        7. [Symmetric Properties](#symmetric-object-properties)
        8. [Transitive Properties](#transitive-object-properties)
    4. [Datatype Properties](#datatype-properties)
        1. [Domain and Range](#domain-and-range-for-object-properties)
        2. [Universal Restrictions](#universal-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        3. [Existential Restrictions](#existential-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        4. [Cardinality Restrictions](#cardinality-restrictions-for-datatype-properties)
        5. [Functional Properties](#functional-datatype-properties)
    5. [Relations between Properties](#relations-between-properties)
        1. [Sub-Property](#sub-property)
        2. [Equivalent Property](#equivalent-property)
        3. [Inverse Property](#inverse-property)
    6. [Individuals](#individuals)
        1. [Class Membership](#individuals-class-membership)
        2. [Property Values](#individuals-property-values)
3. [Example](#example)
4. [Code Generation Service](#service)
5. [References](#references)
6. [Acknowledgment](#acknowledgment)

<a name="introduction"></a>
{% include introduction.md %}

<a name="specification"></a>
{% include specification.md %}

<a name="example"></a>
{% include example.md %}

<a name="service"></a>
{% include service.md %}

<a name="references"></a>
{% include references.md %}

<a name="acknowledgment"></a>
{% include acknowledgment.md %}
